clarify characters allowed in name and value of cookie (#26073)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/set-cookie/index.md

  - : Defines the cookie name and its value.
    A cookie definition begins with a name-value pair.

>     A `<cookie-name>` can contain any US-ASCII characters except for: controll characters (ASCII characters 0 upto 31 and ASCII character 127) or seperator characters (space, tab and the characters: `( ) < > @ , ; : \ " / [ ] ? = { }`) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A `<cookie-name>` can contain any US-ASCII characters except for: control characters (ASCII characters 0 upto 31 and ASCII character 127) or separator characters (space, tab and the characters: `( ) < > @ , ; : \ " / [ ] ? = { }`)
```

>     A `<cookie-value>` can optionally be wrapped in double quotes and include any US-ASCII character excluding controll characters (ASCII characters 0 upto 31 and ASCII character 127), {{glossary("Whitespace")}}, double quotes, comma, semicolon, and backslash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A `<cookie-value>` can optionally be wrapped in double quotes and include any US-ASCII character excluding control characters (ASCII characters 0 up to 31 and ASCII character 127), {{glossary("Whitespace")}}, double quotes, commas, semicolons, and backslashes.
```
